kubeadm-upgrade should upgrade to current branch version other than the latest version (#29746)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-upgrade.md

## Determine which version to upgrade to

> Find the latest stable {{< skew currentVersion >}} version using the OS package manager:

Reviewer: This wording becomes inaccurate. How about:
```suggestion
Find the latest patch release for Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}} using the OS package manager:
```
